[Music]
take a slow and deep breath
in keeping the toes
inward very as you inhale take your arms
up have your chin parallel to the
floor make sure your arms your neck and
your spine are in one
line concentrate on taking long
exhalations and as you inhale slowly
start coming
down right
just once more
inhale the breathing assists you in
taking the POS
comfortably and holding it for a
while now I'm going to ask you to hold
it for a little while
longer join your
palms become aware of the breath become
aware of your Heartbeats
as you exhale slowly start coming
down right take your arms
up exhaling you could bend your knees
and just come
forward take the right foot back
inhale go
up yes
exhale and take the left back
knees chest and Chin on the
floor as you inhale come
up as you
exhale bring the Right Foot In Front
between your
thumbs
inhale as you exhale in One Sweep bring
the Foot In Front
breathe in go
up breathe
out right yoga not only uh in your daily
life is healthy but as actors since
we're talk in an acting Institute it's
very good for actors as well um my
father always says breathing is very
important for every
actor it really
[Music]
helps I don't do
peaceful I don't really need yog but uh
my father is yoga and uh I'm trying to
do yoga now as well yeah
[Music]